<br/>

<h1 align='center'>Harmonic UI</h1>

<p align='center'>Inclusive, extensible, highly flexible UI components for streamline web development.</p>

<br/>

> **Disclaimer**: Harmonic UI is still in development and not stable yet. It's
> not recommended to use it in production.

## Why Harmonic UI?

Almost all web projects require different UI components such as dropdowns,
dialogs, switches, etc. However, developing these components is tedious and
time-consuming, and following standards like WAI-ARIA design patterns makes it
even more difficult. This is why there are so many UI component libraries
available.

The problem with those libraries is that they generally ship with their own
design systems which makes them hard to customize. Moreover, you do not have
access to a component's internal DOM structure, so you cannot alter its layout
either.

Harmonic UI provides highly flexible components and utilities that can be
customized and extended to suit your needs, making it easy to develop user
interfaces quickly.

## Features

### Fully Accessible WAI-ARIA/Section 508 compatibility

Harmonic UI utilizes WAI-ARIA design patterns for all its components for optimal
accessibility, including the implementation of aria and role attributes, focus
management, mouse and keyboard interaction.

### Un-styled components

Our components ship with zero styles, compatible with any CSS library such as
CSS-in-JS, CSS preprocessors, utility first CSS libraries, and even vanilla CSS.
You can style the components as you desire, implementing your design system.

### Extensible

Components are designed to be as versatile as possible, enabling you to
implement all different common UI/UX design patterns. But for special use cases,
Harmonic UI also provides utilities for consuming the internal API to develop
only the desired pieces and integrating them with already existing components to
meet your needs without having to implement everything from scratch.

### Developer experience

Harmonic UI is written in typescript to ensure static type checking. The APIs
for all components are very close to those of HTML native elements to simplify
development.

## License

Distributed under the [MIT License](/LICENSE).
